This artifact, i.e., repository, contains all scripts, data, and instructions required to [repeat and reproduce](https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/artifact-review-and-badging-current) the study on '___TBA___'.

## Structure

- [`README.md`](README.md): Provides a bird's-eye view of this artifact, from where it can be obtained, and how should it be cited.

- [`REQUIREMENTS.md`](REQUIREMENTS.md): Describes the software and its required environment (e.g., operating system) by the artifact and the user's expected skills.

- [`INSTALL.md`](INSTALL.md): Describes the procedure to install the required software and also provides usage examples on how to assess whether the installation of each software finished successfully.

- [`INSTRUCTIONS.md`](INSTRUCTIONS.md): Provides step-by-step instruction on how to run the experiments described in the associated paper.

- [`LICENSE.md`](LICENSE.md): Describes the distribution rights.

Each top-level directory in the artifact provides the required scripts and data to perform a specific analysis / experiment described in the associated paper.

| Directory                              | Description |
|:---------------------------------------|:------------|
| [`test-generation/`](test-generation/) | Test generation experiments |
| [`.third-parties/`](.third-parties/)   | Local directory that keeps all required third parties (e.g., tools) and environments to run those tools |
| [`utils/`](utils/)                     | Utility scripts that are used by more than one experiment / analysis |

Each top-level directory has the following structure:
- `README.md`: Describes the directory and elements that can be found in the directory (data, scripts, etc), and provides documentation of those elements, e.g., examples on how to run a script, what does a script generate, etc.
- `data/`: Data files used as inputs by the scripts and/or automatically generated by the scripts of each analysis to facilitate faster processing.
  * `data/FILE-SPECS.md`: Defines the format of all directories and CSV files in each directory.
- `scripts/`: Bash or Python scripts for performing the corresponding analysis / experiments.
- `statistics/`: R scripts that process the data and produce numbers, tables, and figures for the associated paper.

## License

MIT License, see [`LICENSE.md`](LICENSE.md) for more information.
